h1. Locomotive CMS

Locomotive is a simple but powerful CMS based on liquid templates and mongodb database. At my company ("NoCoffee":http://www.nocoffee.fr), we use it for our clients when they request a simple website.

If we have to give only 5 main features to describe our application, there will be:

* managing as many websites as you want with one application instance
* nice looking UI (see http://www.locomotivecms.com for some screenshots)
* flexible content types
* playing smoothly with Heroku and MongoHQ
* inline editing (beta)

h2. Strategy / Development status

We already developed a fully functional prototype in Rails 2.3.2 with both active record / mongomapper and it worked quite well. We are even using it for some client websites.
Now, our goal is to port our prototype to Rails 3 and migrate from mongomapper to mongoid. Besides, we put a lot of efforts to make it as robust as we can by writing better specs than we wrote for the prototype at first.

h2. Gems

Here is a short list of main gems used in the application.

* Rails 3.0.3
* Mongoid 2.0.0.rc.7 (with MongoDB 1.6)
* Liquid
* Devise
* Carrierwave
* Haml
* Delayed job
* Jammit-s3

h2. Installation

See the "official website":http://www.locomotivecms.com

h2. Team

* Developers: "Didier Lafforgue":http://www.nocoffee.fr, "Jacques Crocker":http://www.railsjedi.com
* Contributors: "Dirk Kelly":http://www.dirkkelly.com, "Mario Visic":http://www.mariovisic.com, "Raphael Costa":http://raphaelcosta.net (Brazilian Portuguese translation), "Bernd Hauser":http://www.designhunger.de (German translation)
* UI Designer: "Sacha Greif":http://www.sachagreif.com

h2. Credits

"Rodrigo Alvarez":http://blog.codecaster.es/ for his plugin named Congo which gave us a good starting point and for his availability for (very late) tech discussions.

"Emmanuel Grard":http://www.grardesign.com designed the awesome locomotive illustration in the locomotivecms.com landing page.

h2. Contact

Feel free to contact me at didier at nocoffee dot fr.

Copyright (c) 2011 NoCoffee, released under the MIT license
